---
title: "Movies of 2014"
date: 2015-01-13
categories:
  - "movies"
---

# Guardians of the Galaxy

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d96cjJhvlMA

Marvel presents us with a talking raccoon and a walking tree. It is an exceptionally well made comic book movie. Not much more to say about it.

# Her

\[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzV6mXIOVl4\]

"Her" is a very well made Science Fiction movie. It explores the possibilities and limitations of falling in love with an Artificial Intelligence.

# Captain America: The Winter Soldier

\[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SlILk2WMTI\]

While the Captain America: The First Avenger was well made it utterly failed on having a very stupid story.

The Winter Soldier, is very well made and while it has impressive action set pieces it has in addition a great story and asks difficult questions about using drones. Additionally some character growth for Captain America and Black Widow and by the introduction of Hydra wide-ranging effects on the Marvel Cinematic Universe. (Essentially the events of Captain America saved the second half of Marvel Agents of Shield Season 1 Episodes).

The movie ends you wanting to see more Captain America and that’s a good thing.

# Watch Once Movies

## Earth to Echo

\[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJgIv\_hrjdg\]

The Trailer for the movie, sells you an action movie about an alien trying to go home. So essentially a retelling of the story of  E.T. The movie however the story focuses more on the friendship between the kids that found the alien.

## Lucy

\[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVt32qoyhi0\]

Well if you can swallow the premise of the faux fact that we only use 10% of our brain you are in for a very strange ride about a woman who gains so many supernatural abilities that she gains insight into the entire knowledge of the universe.

The movie really did not know how to end, so she dies and saves all her knowledge on a Usb-stick.

## Gone Girl

\[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym3LB0lOJ0o\]

Well this movie is great, weird and disturbing, In essence it is a story about several people making their lives extremely horrible.

The movie has very interesting characters a lot of unexpected twists and turns and it is very hard to tell who is really the "bad" person.

## Interstellar

\[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSWdZVtXT7E\]

Interstellar is a true cinema experience, you really need to go and watch it in a theater.

Overall it is a Science Fiction movie that is based on our current understanding on how the universe works and where earth is heading in the next 100-200 years.

# Bad Influences on Movies

## Transformers Age of Extinction

Well usually there is not much to say about an Michael Bay Transfomers Movie, there are only 4 elements present:

- Awesome Transforming Robots
- Awesome Cars
- Gigantic Explosions
- Hot Girls

Additionally the usual Michael Bay minor racism and weak story. But nobody really expects a good story when they go and watch transformers.

So where did the movie fail if it did not even need a story?

### Transforming Robots

The Trailer promised us Dinobots, they appear somewhere around 150min into the movie. Do nothing more than what was shown in the trailer and disappear. (its kindof like they are never in the movie)

The new Autobot characters are never really introduced and act like 5-year old kids.

But the oddest thing is that the decepticons, do not transform anymore they just become a pixelcloud and can do whatever they want and are now practically indestructrable. Thats like telling your audience yeah we know you are stupid, I mean you are watching this stupid movie, you wanted to see transformations, we give you pixie dust. Oh here is the dinobot in the end so you come back next time so that we can milk some more of your money.

### Awesome Cars

I really don't know what happened to the Cars, they look "futuristic" I suppose, but that new bumblebee car sure looks stupid. Oh well, not entirely the movies fault if modern cars really look like that.

### Gigantic Explosions

Well ok its a Michael Bay movie, so it has some Explosions, just most of them are not really interesting or I am just spoiled from the previous movies.

### Hot Girls

Well simply telling the audience she is underage does not make a girl hot, for me it actually just made it awkward. Telling me she is underage just made me think about the fact that I was reducing women to their appearances = not something I wanted to think about when watching a Transformers movie.

I mean with Megan Fox looking like a 20 something and the lingerie model in Transformers 3 it was okay. The Actress was cast to be eye candy.

### Conclusion

The entire movie looks and feels like a low-quality Transformers rip-off movie. You can count on that there are going to be more Transformers movies. However the rebooted Series will be even worse then the original Series and hopefully even fewer people will go and watch the next Transformers movie but hey you know that wont't happen.

Especially because while in the US the movie didn't make a lot of money In China it was a massive success, making Transformers 4 the highest grossing movie of 2015 with a worldwide revenue of around 1billion . - So hurrah for more stupid low quality Transformers movies.

## Penguins of Madagascar

Frankly I did not like the entire Madagascar Trilogy - the only fun thing about it? the Penguins. The four secret service Penguins that are really awesome. The Penguins got their own small spinoff movie "The Madagascar Penguins in a Christmas Caper" and that short movie was awesome. This in turn lead to a kids series "The Penguins of Madagascar" which established an entire penguin spy universe and always hinted on something larger with grand villians etc. So I was excited to see the Penguins get their own movie.

And the movie sucked, it relied a lot on slapstick, the plot was contrived and stupid and had nothing to do with the established universe in the series. It even introduced new characters that had nothing to do with the series.

Overall it felt like a big letdown and it was not even a good movie for kids.

## How to Train your Dragon 2

How to train your dragon was a very well made movie based on a book. Dreamworks continued to create short movies and a Series with two entire Seasons continuing the story.

So what is the best way to continue the story in the second movie? First ignore all the Backstory of the Series. Then ruin the best Elements of the first movie by resurrecting the mother and killing the father. Then add some Jesus imagery for Hickup.

While in the first movie the dragons were very interesting due to their personalities and it looked like the Animators took inspiration from real animals. The second movie has a lot of dragons that look interesting but are not characterized and are animated as cartoon characters.

Well and the entire plot of the movie does not make a lot of sense, so suddenly Toothless is the savior of the Dragons and Hickup the savior of the Humans. Yey, so in the next movie they will have to die for their cause.

So a bad movie, and ruins a lot of backstory from the series & short movies. Thus making this my personal worst movie of 2014.

The Future? The Third movie is in Production. So more of that stupid storyline.
